well finally on the last DS game anyway
we still have more but I could tell you
that tomorrow will be the last day and
the sonic ensure images good this is
Sonic & Sega all-stars racing on the DS
so try this out I see characters from
Sonic and super monkey boy assume
there's gonna be others
that's right I've put in a profile
because I had tested the game yeah I
remember well yeah most of the
characters you gotta unlock too as you
get sonic tails Amy
Eggman shadow amigo Billy Hatcher and I
I well um I guess sonic raiden easy what
is ciao come let's play the child well
look why not
[Music]
tomorrow the sonic feature finally and
this is gonna be three videos that Lisa
there's coming signs because that's my
name
Oh nuts right
it's a pretty standard racing game
really
except the part where I failed miserably
by running into the wall that wasn't
looking at the dance screen let's pay
attention
[Music]
No
early if you want a game like this for
the DS
this game you might have heard of called
Mario Kart yes just saying my child you
could talk the edge of dumbass
that would not be helpful
oh now let's get everything
[Music]
who's this again
l button are at my way
because shoes make your car go faster Oh
[Music]
I was doing pretty good until I'm off
the road
sonic wants to race so he gets in a car
I mean how lazy is that idea at least
sonic are at the concept right if not
the execution
I think it's not gonna be fast as car
controls for
we've an ending dingus we don't go bad
like what are you doing help Elaine's
don't don't do that
what that does apparently a plate music
I don't know if that helped me or
played music
I'd like the ones that make you go fast
and the ones that shoot at the other
person to slow them down
that's so much the ones that play music
see if that makes contact yeah I got him
all right
oh but that somebody got me
I hate it when I get my comeuppance
all Simpsons therefore you
Hey
now
but the third place catch up with I I
and remember that is in the second place
[Music]
maybe you suck and everything that
you've ever tried to do get away from me
she even drives close to Sonic
[Music]
apparently I got someone
you know that our sign just decided it
was a good time to celebrate
and the music thing and then she did it
because why not
catching up in dirty Hedgehog bitch
like an echidna
and she just gets a boost seriously why
not
Langly them to me
about the second place lists that
it's less Lapithos I got hurt
[Music]
you suck
my missiles gonna hit you and I'm gonna
pass you we're just worried about all
these other guys passing me but
greenshell it's just like in Mario Kart
[Music]
oh you take this
now it looks like I went yes made it
damn straight which is me that seriously
I play again but you know what I already
played that Winter Olympics game
/ I played five 12 minutes or just 11
minutes longer than I should have played
so I'll see you guys tomorrow we're
gonna wrap it up tomorrow so it's
actually not gonna be a request finish
maybe three Sonic videos we're gonna
finish this over and I will finally
finally get to play actress
see you then